---
layout: post
title: "2022-12-06"
---

# Last night's sleep
Last night, I slept in a hallway, not a bedroom, because even the slightest noise bothers me.

# Getting rid of the long curtains
I disposed of the long curtains that were being put on the market yesterday. But I didn't have a large enough cardboard box to put them in, so I went as far as a Yamato Transport business office to get one.

The house I used to live in was more spacious than the house I live in now, so I needed a lot of curtains. But now that I live in a confined space, most of them have become unnecessary.

The curtains were so much heavier than I expected that I had a hard time carrying them to the nearest convenience store.

# What I think about having a lot of belongings
I think the more stuff you have, the easier you get distracted.

Let's say you have a lot of belongings like video game consoles, TVs, comics, or something like that.

When you're at your house, they will come into sight. They will distract you, even if you have to work.

I believe the less you own, the more you can focus on what you want to do.

# What I received today
Power strips, a protective tape, and furniture-rattle prevention sheets arrived today.

The power strip allowed the home base of my Roomba to be put under the desk. And it also enabled my electric kettle to be put on the worktop in the kitchen.

I installed the protective tape under the legs on the dining table as I'm bothered about making some noise when moving it.

And I put the furniture-rattle prevention sheets under the rattling metal rack.
